
Week 2
1. From a group with 4 people and decide our project topic after duscussions during the Friday's lab.
2. Create a github account and dicede our gourp name.

Week 3 (Project proposal part)
1. Create a google doc for our porject proposal and Trello account..
2. Write the scratch project proposal.
3. Discuss with teams during the Friday's lab and split the proposal works.
4. Working on the background/domain, aim, existing system and drawback, team skiils, timeline part for the Proeject proposal. 

Week 4
1. Learing "Scrapy" for our database part
2. Prepare course information for crawl
3. Dicuss the chatbot part with Jared about he Q&A part.
4. Discuss the web part with Spencser about his Progress.

Week 5
1. Manage Trello.
2. Learning "Scapy" frame.
3. I was working on the information crawl, trying to crawl information bout sybject requirement
   such as reduce study loean, overloading and other special requiests.

Week 6
1. Manage Trello.
2. Working on the database part this week, using "Scrapy" to crawl information alout the studdent support part,
   especially the international student support part. 
3. Communicate with Zefeng about our database part, because the handnook website was totally changed and the 
   old handbook page was removed after we crawl all the course information from the old handbook. 
   So we have to rewrite the course information part later.
4. Communicate with group memembers to papare our demo.


Week 7
1. Manage Trello.
2. Fnished the student support information data crawling and saved it into csv file.
3. Communicate with Zefeng that decide to save our csv files into mySQL databse.
4. Learning mySQL database and start to import csv files that I crawled to mySQL database.

Week 8
1. Crawl information for the post program degrees from unsw website and save it into csv file.
2. Create a Mysql databse to save program degree information and student support informtion.
3. Draw databse schema summary.

Week 9
working on the further information that we need to import to our database.

Week 11
1. import the undergraduate program degrees information to Mysql database 
2. import post research program information to Mysql database
3. import the detailed information for both undergraduate and post graduate program.
   just like program duration and uoc and program description and program structure.


